[blockly] add more migration info (#2028)
openhab/openhab-docs: configuration/blockly/index.md

### openHAB 3 / openHAB 4 - Migration

#### Migrating Blockly rules to openHAB 4 is easy

From openHAB 4 on, the default script engine is GraalJS when Blockly creates new scripts.
From a technical perspective a rule internally holds a so-called MIME-type that tells openHAB how the generated JavaScript language has to be interpreted.

> The (default) MIME-type application/javascript in openHAB 3 runs the rule with NashornJS, while this same MIME-type will run the Blocky rule with GraalJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The (default) MIME-type `application/javascript` in openHAB 3 runs the rule with NashornJS, while this same MIME-type will run the Blocky rule with GraalJS in openHAB 4.
```

Author: To me and the user, these ARE rules. I would rather keep it that way here.

Reviewer: You can create scripts in the `Script` tab of UI.
And: In real rules (I mean inside the Rules tab), you add either an action called `Run Script` or `execute a given script` to run something with Blockly.
So IMO these are scripts for the users.

As a result when running a non-converted openHAB 3 Blocky rule on openHAB 4, openHAB 4 will run a rule that was meant for NashornJS with GraalJS, which will fail.
Therefore a conversion has to take place which in fact is not a lot of work:

There is the choice to

- convert each rule to GraalJS
- or keep the NashornJS Rules

but both need some work on each blockly rule you have.

#### Migration to GraalJS (recommended)

> - Make sure the [JS Scripting Addon](https://www.openhab.org/addons/automation/jsscripting/) addon has been installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure the [JS Scripting Addon](https://www.openhab.org/addons/automation/jsscripting/) addon is installed.
```

> - **To convert / migrate a rule that was created in openHAB 3 (NashornJS) to a compatible rule based on GraalJS for openHAB 4, simply open each Blockly rule once in openHAB 4 and save it - that's it.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **To convert / migrate a rule that was created in openHAB 3 (NashornJS) to a GraalJS-compatible one for openHAB 4, simply open each Blockly rule once in openHAB 4 and save it - that's it.**
```

> - In this case, nothing more need to be installed additionally to openHAB 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In this case, nothing more needs to be installed additionally to openHAB 4.
```

?

#### Running openHAB 3 Blockly rules without migrating them right away

> - If you still want to run the Blockly rules that were created in openHAB 3 for the time being without changing them (see above), you have to install the  [JavaScript Scripting (Nashorn) Addon](https://www.openhab.org/addons/automation/jsscriptingnashorn/) which could provide backwards compatibility until you have converted all rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you still want to run the Blockly rules that were created in openHAB 3 for the time being without changing them (see above), you have to install the [JavaScript Scripting (Nashorn) Addon](https://www.openhab.org/addons/automation/jsscriptingnashorn/) which provides backwards compatibility until you have converted all rules.
```

> - Open each Blockly rule o go to the Code TAB o Search for type: application/javascript;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open each Blockly rule or go to the Code TAB or Search for type: application/javascript;
```

> - Open each Blockly rule o go to the Code TAB o Search for type: application/javascript;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open each Blockly rule or go to the Code tab or Search for type: application/javascript;
```

FYI: The search for MIME type inside the developer sidebar does not work yet, my PR is still WIP.
